---
layout: post
title: slow the process
---

In recent times I am noticing a recurring theme around me, in my peers and myself, in
strangers and my family. This blog is about the concept of *emphasizing the process*. It's
about why we should slow down.

## The Problem

Our youth, that part of our population that's supposed to take over the old man's work, is
getting poisoned by technology. Maybe not in the literal sense of the word, but it's
certainly not far off the mark. There is a whole generation out there that was raised with
high-level technology and the internet, but especially all kinds of social media, at their
fingertips. This alone isn't inherently a bad thing, the problematic part stems from the
unhealthy nature of this relationship. Nobody taught any of them how to properly interact
with mobile phones, the internet, social media or how to deal with online friendships.
It's become the new normal to spend upwards of ten hours on social media, to neglect AFK [0]
relationships and to become immersed in the digital realm, ~~for better or for worse~~ for
worse. How can we help affected people? How can we teach them a responsible behavior when
it comes to everything digital?

<br/>

I believe to regain control over our health, over our addiction to phones, to social media
and to the surge of dopamine we get when a bot likes our 120th #foodporn post on one of
evil Zuck's platforms, we need to disconnect ourselves from the fast-paced, ad-driven and
commercialised-to-the-brim-and-above world that encouraged this kind of behaviour.
### TODO: FIX: what the fuck kinda sentence is that



## The Solution?




[0] I prefer the acronym AFK (away from keyboard) to IRL (in real life) because the latter
suggests the digital world to be utterly disconnected from *real life*, which might've
been true ten or 15 years ago but certainly not anymore. Today, the term AFK seems a lot
more fitting to the actual circumstances around.
